Create Shared content: Make impacts consistents across messenger secrets (#2950)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6708/secrets/rule.adoc

=== What is the potential impact?

> The Discord webhook URL grants access to a channel to your code, represented by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Discord webhook URL grants access to a channel in your server, represented by
```
